[Autogenerated] Let's recap the important points to remember
from this module for fetching your data.
You want to get your data from various sources in to S3
so Saint Maker could work with it.
We talked about various AWS services that you can use for this,
and I won't rehash all of them here.
But just a couple reminders for each.
Like formacion,
this is the data lake that pulls together all your
data in its different formats.
AWS glue is a fully managed DTL tool that can not only be used for
ingestion but for transforming your data as well.
And link formacion is built on top of glue.
Data Pipeline lets you move data between AWS storage and compute services,
as well as on prim to AWS.
The database Migration service, or GMs, lets you move data between databases,
Kenny says is all about streaming.
Refer to the slide earlier in the course for the
differences in those four services E.
M.
R.
Or elastic map reduces used for processing massive
amounts of data in a distributed way.
Athena is for doing SQL queries on your S3 data, as is red shift spectrum.
But this only makes sense if you've got a red shift
cluster set up for something else,
and quick site helps you get insight into your data
with queries and visualizations.
This is more geared towards by professionals,
and finally, ground truth helps with labeling your data.
There's an automatic component as well as a human workforce component.
After fetching your data, you'll want to clean it up.
You'll need to handle missing values, outliers and formatting.
We saw some common data visualizations to help make sense of your data,
things like scatter plots, correlation matrices,
Instagram's and box plots.
We also saw some of those in action in our demo and then finally,
feature engineering is the process of adding,
removing or combining features to ensure you have the most predictive model.
Some of the concepts related to this were how to scale your
data so that every value is treated the same.
We talked about categorical data, which is used to describe categories or groups,
and remember that with nominal data,
order does not matter and with ordinal data order does matter.
We also saw one hot encoding where you essentially explode
nominal data into multiple features and then use zeros and ones
to indicate what is true for a given row,
and with that, let's move on to the next module, where we'll talk about training and evaluating our model.